docs(target): Introduce direct address targets and explain tradeoffs (#2708)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/domain-model/index.mdx

## Target and Host Resources

Boundary exposes endpoints to users as [Targets](/docs/concepts/domain-model/targets). A target is a resource representing a networked service, with an associated set of permissions, that allows a user to connect and interact with Boundary within a single session. A target may contain references to [Host](/docs/concepts/domain-model/hosts) sources or an address, and [Credential](/docs/concepts/domain-model/credentials) sources. Users who access a target create an authorized session to its address or one of its host sources with returned credentials from the target’s credential source.

A target exposes two distinct and mutually exclusive configuration paths for its
representation of a networked service:

- Target with an address
- Target with host sources

> A target with an address represents a target that is set-up with a single IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A target with an address represents a target that is set up with a single IP
```

> address or DNS name directly on the target resource. This mechanism provides
> benefits for new Boundary users, as it's less complex to initially set-up and
> understand, or users who don't require Boundary's flexibility and scalability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
address or DNS name directly on the target resource. This mechanism provides
benefits for new Boundary users and users who don't require Boundary's flexibility and scalability, as it's less complex to set up and understand.
```

> Because of its simplicity, using this path on environemnts where a significant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of its simplicity, using this path on environments where a significant
```

Author: Haha thanks for spotting, fixed with [c628d10](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2708/commits/c628d10cd187f8afaa470911c764051a56b7f4fa)

number of resources exist is not recommended.

A target with host sources represents a target that has one or more [host
sets][] associated with it. It trades off the simplicity of directly setting an
address on a target with Boundary's flexibility and scalability for discovering

> and categorizing networked resources. This is the recommended path for setting
> up Boundary on environments where a significant number of resources exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and categorizing networked resources. We recommend this path for setting
up Boundary in environments where a significant number of resources exist.
```
